---
title: Information, Communications and Media
permalink: /overview-of-sira/sectoral-legislation/infocomm/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Sectoral Legislation
---
<h3>Information, Communications and Media</h3><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>S/N</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Summary of applicable legislation with ownership or control requirements</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Point of Contact for more information</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Newspaper and Printing Presses Act</strong></p><p>The Newspaper and Printing Presses Act regulates printing presses and newspaper companies in Singapore, and newspapers that are printed, published, sold, or distributed in Singapore. Those publishing a newspaper at a frequency of one week or less are required to form a newspaper company, and such entities are subject to controls (including rules on shareholding limits).</p><p></p><p>All directors in the newspaper company must be Singapore citizens and 1% or more of issued and paid-up capital by the company must be Management Shares (MS). MS are only issued/transferred to Singapore citizens or corporations subject to Minister’s approval, and accord greater voting rights to MS holders only in resolutions relating to the appointment or dismissal of a director or any member of the staff of a newspaper company.</p><p></p><p>Minister’s approval must be given for any person to become a substantial shareholder, 12% controller or an indirect controller of a newspaper company.&nbsp; Minister may also direct or restrict the transfer or disposal of the shares held by the person in question if there is non-compliance with the relevant requirements and approvals pertaining to the control of the newspaper company.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Agency in charge: Ministry of Communications and Information (MCI)</p><p></p><p>Email address: <a href="mailto:MCI_Connects@mci.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">MCI_Connects@mci.gov.sg</a></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Telecommunications Act</strong></p><p></p><p>The Telecommunications Act (“TA”) is the legislative framework that governs the regulation of Singapore’s telecommunication sector. The TA provides the Infocomm Media Development Authority of Singapore ("IMDA”) the powers to grant licences, and issue directions, codes of practices and standards of performances to regulate telecommunication systems and services, and the conduct of telecommunication licensees, amongst others.</p><p></p><p>Designated Telecommunication Licensees (DTLs) are required to notify IMDA of specified changes in ownership and control of DTLs. Further, IMDA’s approval must be given for any person to acquire specified levels of ownership or control in DTLs. DTLs are also required to seek IMDA’s approval for the appointment of key appointment holders, including the DTL’s directors and chief executive officer. IMDA may direct the DTL to remove such key appointment holders if they are appointed without IMDA’s approval or if conditions of approval are breached.</p><p></p><p>The list of DTLs is published in the Government Gazette. You can search the Government Gazette at <a href="http://www.egazette.com.sg/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">www.egazette.com.sg</a>.&nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Agency in charge: Ministry of Communications and Information (MCI) / Infocomm Media Development Authority (IMDA)</p><p>Email address: <a href="mailto:ilo@imda.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">ilo@imda.gov.sg</a></p><p></p><p>Website: <a href="http://www.imda.gov.sg/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">www.imda.gov.sg</a></p><p>&nbsp;</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>3</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Postal Services Act</strong></p><p></p><p>The Postal Services Act (“PSA”) is the legislative framework that governs the regulation of Singapore’s postal sector and the nationwide public parcel locker network. Under the PSA, the Infocomm Media Development Authority (“IMDA”) has the powers to, amongst others:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Grant or modify licences, and issue directions, codes of practice and standards of performance to regulate postal services and systems and the conduct of postal licensees; and</p></li><li><p>Appoint an operator, and issue directions and codes of practice for or in connection with the installation, operation and maintenance of the public parcel locker network.</p></li></ul><p>Designated Postal Licensees (DPLs) are required to notify IMDA of specified changes in ownership or control of DPLs. Further, IMDA’s approval must be given for any person to acquire specified levels of ownership or control in DPLs. DPLs are also required to seek IMDA’s approval for the appointment of key appointment holders, including the DPL’s directors and chief executive officer. IMDA may direct the DPL to remove such key appointment holders if they are appointed without IMDA’s approval.</p><p></p><p>The list of Designated Postal Licensees is published in the Government Gazette. You can search the Government Gazette at <a href="http://www.egazette.com.sg/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">www.egazette.com.sg</a>.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Agency in charge: Infocomm Media Development Authority (IMDA)</p><p>Email address: <a href="mailto:ilo@imda.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">ilo@imda.gov.sg</a></p><p>Website: <a href="http://www.imda.gov.sg/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">www.imda.gov.sg</a></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>4</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><u>Media-related legislation</u></p><p></p><p><strong>Info-communications Media Development Authority Act</strong></p><p></p><p>The Info-communications Media Development Authority Act (“IMDAA”) establishes and empowers IMDA to promote, develop and regulate the information, communications and media industry in Singapore. The IMDAA also provides IMDA the powers to issue directions and codes of practices in connection with competition and consumer protection matters in the media industry.</p><p></p><p>The IMDAA requires “regulated persons”* to obtain IMDA’s approval to merge, consolidate with, or be taken over by another regulated person or any other person carrying on any business connected to the provision of media services in Singapore.</p><p></p><p><em>*This refers to newspaper companies or the proprietor of a newspaper as defined in the Newspaper and Printing Presses Act, or broadcasting licensee as defined in the Broadcasting Act.</em></p><p></p><p><strong>Broadcasting Act</strong></p><p></p><p>The Broadcasting Act (“BA”) regulates dealing in, operation of and ownership in broadcasting services and broadcasting apparatus. It also regulates online communication services accessible by Singapore end-users.</p><p></p><p>Specified changes in ownership and control of broadcasting companies that hold a relevant licence are subject to Minister’s approval, such as when person(s) seek to be a substantial shareholder, 12% controller, or an indirect controller of a broadcasting company that holds a relevant licence.</p><p></p><p>Broadcasting companies that hold a relevant licence are required to seek prior approval from IMDA for the appointment of key appointment holders.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>&nbsp;</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Agency in charge: Ministry of Communications and Information (MCI) / Infocomm Media Development Authority (IMDA)</p><p>Website: <a href="http://www.mci.gov.sg/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">www.mci.gov.sg</a><u> / </u><a href="http://www.imda.gov.sg/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">www.imda.gov.sg</a></p><p></p><p>For queries relating to the IMDAA, email:&nbsp;<a href="mailto:ilo@imda.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">ilo@imda.gov.sg</a></p><p></p><p>For approval obligations for specified changes in ownership and control of broadcasting companies that hold a relevant licence under the BA, email: <a href="mailto:MCI_Connects@mci.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">MCI_Connects@mci.gov.sg</a></p><p></p><p>For queries on the appointment of key officers under the BA, email: <a href="mailto:info@imda.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">info@imda.gov.sg</a></p><p>&nbsp;</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p>