---
title: Forms
permalink: /forms/
variant: tiptap
description: All downloadable forms
---
<h3><strong>Submission of forms to OSIR</strong></h3><p>Before submitting the form to OSIR for processing:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>The form must be filled out in <u>full</u>, unless otherwise indicated;</p></li><li><p>Attach all the relevant details and attachment(s) as required</p></li><li><p>Submit to <a href="mailto:contact@osir.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">contact@osir.gov.sg</a> for processing.</p></li></ul><p>Please click on the respective PDF forms to download it.</p><h3><strong>Outcome of Application</strong></h3><p>OSIR will notify the applicant once the application is processed, and will provide more information on the following steps, if approved.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><hr><h4><strong>Notifications and Approvals</strong></h4><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="2"><p>Notification or approval obligations for specified changes in ownership and control of designated entities will be imposed on buyers, sellers and the designated entities.</p><p></p><p>Designated entities will be required to seek approval for the appointment of key officers such as the chief executive officer, directors, and the chairperson of the board.</p><p></p><p>Designated entities will also be subject to other provisions to ensure the security and reliability of their critical functions. </p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><hr><h4><strong>Reconsideration requests</strong></h4><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="2"><p>Parties may submit a reconsideration request against decisions, remedial directions or orders issued by the Minister for Trade &amp; Industry or the Relevant Minister.</p><p></p><p>A decision, remedial direction or order issued by the Minister for Trade &amp; Industry or the Relevant Minister remains in effect, despite any reconsideration application made, until it is suspended, varied, or cancelled (as the case may be).</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><hr><h4><strong>Appeals</strong></h4><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="2"><p>If the reconsideration application was unsuccessful, parties may wish to appeal against the Minister's decision by filing an appeal to the Reviewing Tribunal <strong><u>within 14 calendar days</u></strong> after the Minister's decision.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p>