---
title: FAQs for Designated Entities
permalink: /faqs-for-designated-entities/
variant: markdown
description: ""
---
<p>&lt;ul class="jekyllcodex_accordion"&gt;<br><br>&lt;li&gt;&lt;input id="accordion1" type="checkbox"&gt;<br>&lt;label for="accordion1"&gt;Insert Accordion Title here&lt;/label&gt;&lt;div&gt;<br>&lt;p&gt;Insert content here&lt;/p&gt;<br>&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/li&gt;<br><br>&lt;li&gt;&lt;input id="accordion2" type="checkbox"&gt;<br>&lt;label for="accordion2"&gt;Insert Accordion Title here&lt;/label&gt;&lt;div&gt;<br>&lt;p&gt;Insert content here&lt;/p&gt;<br>&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/li&gt;<br><br>&lt;li&gt;&lt;input id="accordion3" type="checkbox"&gt;<br>&lt;label for="accordion3"&gt;Insert Accordion Title here&lt;/label&gt;&lt;div&gt;<br>&lt;p&gt;Insert content here&lt;/p&gt;<br>&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/li&gt;<br><br>&lt;/ul&gt;</p><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Why is my entity designated?</p><p>The legislation seeks to strengthen our economic resilience and national security. It complements existing sectoral regulation, under which majority of the critical entities today are already covered.</p><p></p></li><li><p>Why is there a need to designate my entity?</p><p>We regularly review the efficacy of our safeguards to protect critical sectors and entities.</p><p>Global developments in recent years have reinforced the importance of economic resilience. There is increasing need to screen for malicious actions effected through investments in critical entities.</p><p></p></li><li><p>How do I know what are the compliance requirements? Who do I contact if I have questions?</p><p>You may contact the <a href="/contact-us/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Office of Significant Investments Review</a> to guide you through the compliance requirements and assist with your queries.</p><p>Any enquiries or clarifications which businesses or investors may have prior to the commencement of any formal application are welcome.</p></li></ol><p><br></p>